{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Topic 1 - Exam A\par
Question #1Topic 1\par
A data organization leader is upset about the data analysis team\rquote s reports being different from the data engineering team\rquote s reports. The leader believes the siloed nature of their organization\rquote s data engineering and data analysis architectures is to blame.\par
Which of the following describes how a data lakehouse could alleviate this issue?\par
\par
A. Both teams would autoscale their work as data size evolves\par
B. Both teams would use the same source of truth for their work\par
C. Both teams would reorganize to report to the same department\par
D. Both teams would be able to collaborate on projects in real-time\par
E. Both teams would respond more quickly to ad-hoc requests\par
 \par
Question #2Topic 1\par
Which of the following describes a scenario in which a data team will want to utilize cluster pools?\par
\par
A. An automated report needs to be refreshed as quickly as possible.\par
B. An automated report needs to be made reproducible.\par
C. An automated report needs to be tested to identify errors.\par
D. An automated report needs to be version-controlled across multiple collaborators.\par
E. An automated report needs to be runnable by all stakeholders.\par
 \par
Question #3Topic 1\par
Which of the following is hosted completely in the control plane of the classic Databricks architecture?\par
\par
A. Worker node\par
B. JDBC data source\par
C. Databricks web application\par
D. Databricks Filesystem\par
E. Driver node\par
 \par
Question #4Topic 1\par
Which of the following benefits of using the Databricks Lakehouse Platform is provided by Delta Lake?\par
\par
A. The ability to manipulate the same data using a variety of languages\par
B. The ability to collaborate in real time on a single notebook\par
C. The ability to set up alerts for query failures\par
D. The ability to support batch and streaming workloads\par
E. The ability to distribute complex data operations\par
\par
Question #5Topic 1\par
Which of the following describes the storage organization of a Delta table?\par
\par
A. Delta tables are stored in a single file that contains data, history, metadata, and other attributes.\par
B. Delta tables store their data in a single file and all metadata in a collection of files in a separate location.\par
C. Delta tables are stored in a collection of files that contain data, history, metadata, and other attributes.\par
D. Delta tables are stored in a collection of files that contain only the data stored within the table.\par
E. Delta tables are stored in a single file that contains only the data stored within the table.\par
 \par
Question #6Topic 1\par
Which of the following code blocks will remove the rows where the value in column age is greater than 25 from the existing Delta table my_table and save the updated table?\par
\par
A. SELECT * FROM my_table WHERE age > 25;\par
B. UPDATE my_table WHERE age > 25;\par
C. DELETE FROM my_table WHERE age > 25;\par
D. UPDATE my_table WHERE age <= 25;\par
E. DELETE FROM my_table WHERE age <= 25;\par
 \par
Question #7Topic 1\par
A data engineer has realized that they made a mistake when making a daily update to a table. They need to use Delta time travel to restore the table to a version that is 3 days old. However, when the data engineer attempts to time travel to the older version, they are unable to restore the data because the data files have been deleted.\par
Which of the following explains why the data files are no longer present?\par
\par
A. The VACUUM command was run on the table\par
B. The TIME TRAVEL command was run on the table\par
C. The DELETE HISTORY command was run on the table\par
D. The OPTIMIZE command was nun on the table\par
E. The HISTORY command was run on the table\par
 \par
Question #8Topic 1\par
Which of the following Git operations must be performed outside of Databricks Repos?\par
\par
A. Commit\par
B. Pull\par
C. Push\par
D. Clone\par
E. Merge\par
\par
Question #9Topic 1\par
Which of the following data lakehouse features results in improved data quality over a traditional data lake?\par
\par
A. A data lakehouse provides storage solutions for structured and unstructured data.\par
B. A data lakehouse supports ACID-compliant transactions.\par
C. A data lakehouse allows the use of SQL queries to examine data.\par
D. A data lakehouse stores data in open formats.\par
E. A data lakehouse enables machine learning and artificial Intelligence workloads.\par
 \par
Question #10Topic 1\par
A data engineer needs to determine whether to use the built-in Databricks Notebooks versioning or version their project using Databricks Repos.\par
Which of the following is an advantage of using Databricks Repos over the Databricks Notebooks versioning?\par
\par
A. Databricks Repos automatically saves development progress\par
B. Databricks Repos supports the use of multiple branches\par
C. Databricks Repos allows users to revert to previous versions of a notebook\par
D. Databricks Repos provides the ability to comment on specific changes\par
E. Databricks Repos is wholly housed within the Databricks Lakehouse Platform\par
 \par
Question #11Topic 1\par
A data engineer has left the organization. The data team needs to transfer ownership of the data engineer\rquote s Delta tables to a new data engineer. The new data engineer is the lead engineer on the data team.\par
Assuming the original data engineer no longer has access, which of the following individuals must be the one to transfer ownership of the Delta tables in Data Explorer?\par
\par
A. Databricks account representative\par
B. This transfer is not possible\par
C. Workspace administrator\par
D. New lead data engineer\par
E. Original data engineer\par
 \par
Question #12Topic 1\par
A data analyst has created a Delta table sales that is used by the entire data analysis team. They want help from the data engineering team to implement a series of tests to ensure the data is clean. However, the data engineering team uses Python for its tests rather than SQL.\par
Which of the following commands could the data engineering team use to access sales in PySpark?\par
\par
A. SELECT * FROM sales\par
B. There is no way to share data between PySpark and SQL.\par
C. spark.sql("sales")D. spark.delta.table("sales")\par
E. spark.table("sales")\par
\par
Question #13Topic 1\par
Which of the following commands will return the location of database customer360?\par
\par
A. DESCRIBE LOCATION customer360;\par
B. DROP DATABASE customer360;\par
C. DESCRIBE DATABASE customer360;\par
D. ALTER DATABASE customer360 SET DBPROPERTIES ('location' = '/user'\};\par
E. USE DATABASE customer360;\par
 \par
Question #14Topic 1\par
A data engineer wants to create a new table containing the names of customers that live in France.\par
They have written the following command:\par
image1\par
A senior data engineer mentions that it is organization policy to include a table property indicating that the new table includes personally identifiable information (PII).\par
Which of the following lines of code fills in the above blank to successfully complete the task?\par
\par
A. There is no way to indicate whether a table contains PII.\par
B. "COMMENT PII"\par
C. TBLPROPERTIES PII\par
D. COMMENT "Contains PII"\par
E. PII\par
 \par
Question #15Topic 1\par
Which of the following benefits is provided by the array functions from Spark SQL?\par
\par
A. An ability to work with data in a variety of types at once\par
B. An ability to work with data within certain partitions and windows\par
C. An ability to work with time-related data in specified intervals\par
D. An ability to work with complex, nested data ingested from JSON files\par
E. An ability to work with an array of tables for procedural automation\par
 \par
Question #16Topic 1\par
Which of the following commands can be used to write data into a Delta table while avoiding the writing of duplicate records?\par
\par
A. DROP\par
B. IGNORE\par
C. MERGE\par
D. APPEND\par
E. INSERT\par
\par
Question #17Topic 1\par
A data engineer needs to apply custom logic to string column city in table stores for a specific use case. In order to apply this custom logic at scale, the data engineer wants to create a SQL user-defined function (UDF).\par
Which of the following code blocks creates this SQL UDF?\par
\par
Question #18Topic 1\par
A data analyst has a series of queries in a SQL program. The data analyst wants this program to run every day. They only want the final query in the program to run on Sundays. They ask for help from the data engineering team to complete this task.\par
Which of the following approaches could be used by the data engineering team to complete this task?\par
\par
A. They could submit a feature request with Databricks to add this functionality.\par
B. They could wrap the queries using PySpark and use Python\rquote s control flow system to determine when to run the final query.\par
C. They could only run the entire program on Sundays.\par
D. They could automatically restrict access to the source table in the final query so that it is only accessible on Sundays.\par
E. They could redesign the data model to separate the data used in the final query into a new table.\par
 \par
Question #19Topic 1\par
A data engineer runs a statement every day to copy the previous day\rquote s sales into the table transactions. Each day\rquote s sales are in their own file in the location "/transactions/raw".\par
Today, the data engineer runs the following command to complete this task:\par
image7\par
After running the command today, the data engineer notices that the number of records in table transactions has not changed.\par
Which of the following describes why the statement might not have copied any new records into the table?\par
\par
A. The format of the files to be copied were not included with the FORMAT_OPTIONS keyword.\par
B. The names of the files to be copied were not included with the FILES keyword.\par
C. The previous day\rquote s file has already been copied into the table.\par
D. The PARQUET file format does not support COPY INTO.\par
E. The COPY INTO statement requires the table to be refreshed to view the copied rows.\par
 \par
Question #20Topic 1\par
A data engineer needs to create a table in Databricks using data from their organization\rquote s existing SQLite database.\par
They run the following command:\par
image8\par
Which of the following lines of code fills in the above blank to successfully complete the task?\par
\par
A. org.apache.spark.sql.jdbc\par
B. autoloader\par
C. DELTA\par
D. sqlite\par
E. org.apache.spark.sql.sqlite\par
\par
Question #21Topic 1\par
A data engineering team has two tables. The first table march_transactions is a collection of all retail transactions in the month of March. The second table april_transactions is a collection of all retail transactions in the month of April. There are no duplicate records between the tables.\par
Which of the following commands should be run to create a new table all_transactions that contains all records from march_transactions and april_transactions without duplicate records?\par
\par
A. CREATE TABLE all_transactions AS\par
SELECT * FROM march_transactions\par
INNER JOIN SELECT * FROM april_transactions;\par
B. CREATE TABLE all_transactions AS\par
SELECT * FROM march_transactions\par
UNION SELECT * FROM april_transactions;\par
C. CREATE TABLE all_transactions AS\par
SELECT * FROM march_transactions\par
OUTER JOIN SELECT * FROM april_transactions;\par
D. CREATE TABLE all_transactions AS\par
SELECT * FROM march_transactions\par
INTERSECT SELECT * from april_transactions;\par
E. CREATE TABLE all_transactions AS\par
SELECT * FROM march_transactions\par
MERGE SELECT * FROM april_transactions;\par
 \par
Question #22Topic 1\par
A data engineer only wants to execute the final block of a Python program if the Python variable day_of_week is equal to 1 and the Python variable review_period is True.\par
Which of the following control flow statements should the data engineer use to begin this conditionally executed code block?\par
\par
A. if day_of_week = 1 and review_period:\par
B. if day_of_week = 1 and review_period = "True":\par
C. if day_of_week == 1 and review_period == "True":\par
D. if day_of_week == 1 and review_period:\par
E. if day_of_week = 1 & review_period: = "True":\par
 \par
Question #23Topic 1\par
A data engineer is attempting to drop a Spark SQL table my_table. The data engineer wants to delete all table metadata and data.\par
They run the following command:\par
\par
DROP TABLE IF EXISTS my_table -\par
While the object no longer appears when they run SHOW TABLES, the data files still exist.\par
Which of the following describes why the data files still exist and the metadata files were deleted?\par
\par
A. The table\rquote s data was larger than 10 GB\par
B. The table\rquote s data was smaller than 10 GB\par
C. The table was external\par
D. The table did not have a location\par
E. The table was managed\par
 \par
Question #24Topic 1\par
A data engineer wants to create a data entity from a couple of tables. The data entity must be used by other data engineers in other sessions. It also must be saved to a physical location.\par
Which of the following data entities should the data engineer create?\par
\par
A. Database\par
B. Function\par
C. View\par
D. Temporary view\par
E. Table\par
\par
Question #25Topic 1\par
A data engineer is maintaining a data pipeline. Upon data ingestion, the data engineer notices that the source data is starting to have a lower level of quality. The data engineer would like to automate the process of monitoring the quality level.\par
Which of the following tools can the data engineer use to solve this problem?\par
\par
A. Unity Catalog\par
B. Data Explorer\par
C. Delta Lake\par
D. Delta Live Tables\par
E. Auto Loader\par
 \par
Question #26Topic 1\par
A Delta Live Table pipeline includes two datasets defined using STREAMING LIVE TABLE. Three datasets are defined against Delta Lake table sources using LIVE TABLE.\par
The table is configured to run in Production mode using the Continuous Pipeline Mode.\par
Assuming previously unprocessed data exists and all definitions are valid, what is the expected outcome after clicking Start to update the pipeline?\par
\par
A. All datasets will be updated at set intervals until the pipeline is shut down. The compute resources will persist to allow for additional testing.\par
B. All datasets will be updated once and the pipeline will persist without any processing. The compute resources will persist but go unused.\par
C. All datasets will be updated at set intervals until the pipeline is shut down. The compute resources will be deployed for the update and terminated when the pipeline is stopped.\par
D. All datasets will be updated once and the pipeline will shut down. The compute resources will be terminated.\par
E. All datasets will be updated once and the pipeline will shut down. The compute resources will persist to allow for additional testing.\par
 \par
Question #27Topic 1\par
In order for Structured Streaming to reliably track the exact progress of the processing so that it can handle any kind of failure by restarting and/or reprocessing, which of the following two approaches is used by Spark to record the offset range of the data being processed in each trigger?\par
\par
A. Checkpointing and Write-ahead Logs\par
B. Structured Streaming cannot record the offset range of the data being processed in each trigger.\par
C. Replayable Sources and Idempotent Sinks\par
D. Write-ahead Logs and Idempotent Sinks\par
E. Checkpointing and Idempotent Sinks\par
 \par
Question #28Topic 1\par
Which of the following describes the relationship between Gold tables and Silver tables?\par
\par
A. Gold tables are more likely to contain aggregations than Silver tables.\par
B. Gold tables are more likely to contain valuable data than Silver tables.\par
C. Gold tables are more likely to contain a less refined view of data than Silver tables.\par
D. Gold tables are more likely to contain more data than Silver tables.\par
E. Gold tables are more likely to contain truthful data than Silver tables.\par
 \par
Question #29Topic 1\par
Which of the following describes the relationship between Bronze tables and raw data?\par
\par
A. Bronze tables contain less data than raw data files.\par
B. Bronze tables contain more truthful data than raw data.\par
C. Bronze tables contain aggregates while raw data is unaggregated.\par
D. Bronze tables contain a less refined view of data than raw data.\par
E. Bronze tables contain raw data with a schema applied. \par
Question #30Topic 1\par
Which of the following tools is used by Auto Loader process data incrementally?\par
\par
A. Checkpointing\par
B. Spark Structured Streaming\par
C. Data Explorer\par
D. Unity Catalog\par
E. Databricks SQL\par
 \par
Question #31Topic 1\par
A data engineer has configured a Structured Streaming job to read from a table, manipulate the data, and then perform a streaming write into a new table.\par
The cade block used by the data engineer is below:\par
image9\par
If the data engineer only wants the query to execute a micro-batch to process data every 5 seconds, which of the following lines of code should the data engineer use to fill in the blank?\par
\par
A. trigger("5 seconds")\par
B. trigger()\par
C. trigger(once="5 seconds")\par
D. trigger(processingTime="5 seconds")\par
E. trigger(continuous="5 seconds")\par
 \par
Question #32Topic 1\par
A dataset has been defined using Delta Live Tables and includes an expectations clause:\par
CONSTRAINT valid_timestamp EXPECT (timestamp > '2020-01-01') ON VIOLATION DROP ROW\par
What is the expected behavior when a batch of data containing data that violates these constraints is processed?\par
\par
A. Records that violate the expectation are dropped from the target dataset and loaded into a quarantine table.\par
B. Records that violate the expectation are added to the target dataset and flagged as invalid in a field added to the target dataset.\par
C. Records that violate the expectation are dropped from the target dataset and recorded as invalid in the event log.\par
D. Records that violate the expectation are added to the target dataset and recorded as invalid in the event log.\par
E. Records that violate the expectation cause the job to fail.\par
\par
Question #33Topic 1\par
Which of the following describes when to use the CREATE STREAMING LIVE TABLE (formerly CREATE INCREMENTAL LIVE TABLE) syntax over the CREATE LIVE TABLE syntax when creating Delta Live Tables (DLT) tables using SQL?\par
\par
A. CREATE STREAMING LIVE TABLE should be used when the subsequent step in the DLT pipeline is static.\par
B. CREATE STREAMING LIVE TABLE should be used when data needs to be processed incrementally.\par
C. CREATE STREAMING LIVE TABLE is redundant for DLT and it does not need to be used.\par
D. CREATE STREAMING LIVE TABLE should be used when data needs to be processed through complicated aggregations.\par
E. CREATE STREAMING LIVE TABLE should be used when the previous step in the DLT pipeline is static.\par
\par
Question #33Topic 1\par
Which of the following describes when to use the CREATE STREAMING LIVE TABLE (formerly CREATE INCREMENTAL LIVE TABLE) syntax over the CREATE LIVE TABLE syntax when creating Delta Live Tables (DLT) tables using SQL?\par
\par
A. CREATE STREAMING LIVE TABLE should be used when the subsequent step in the DLT pipeline is static.\par
B. CREATE STREAMING LIVE TABLE should be used when data needs to be processed incrementally.\par
C. CREATE STREAMING LIVE TABLE is redundant for DLT and it does not need to be used.\par
D. CREATE STREAMING LIVE TABLE should be used when data needs to be processed through complicated aggregations.\par
E. CREATE STREAMING LIVE TABLE should be used when the previous step in the DLT pipeline is static.\par
 \par
Question #34Topic 1\par
A data engineer is designing a data pipeline. The source system generates files in a shared directory that is also used by other processes. As a result, the files should be kept as is and will accumulate in the directory. The data engineer needs to identify which files are new since the previous run in the pipeline, and set up the pipeline to only ingest those new files with each run.\par
Which of the following tools can the data engineer use to solve this problem?\par
\par
A. Unity Catalog\par
B. Delta Lake\par
C. Databricks SQL\par
D. Data Explorer\par
E. Auto Loader \par
Question #35Topic 1\par
Which of the following Structured Streaming queries is performing a hop from a Silver table to a Gold table?\par
\par
A. image10\par
B. image11\par
C. image12\par
D. image13\par
E. image14 \par
Question #36Topic 1\par
A data engineer has three tables in a Delta Live Tables (DLT) pipeline. They have configured the pipeline to drop invalid records at each table. They notice that some data is being dropped due to quality concerns at some point in the DLT pipeline. They would like to determine at which table in their pipeline the data is being dropped.\par
Which of the following approaches can the data engineer take to identify the table that is dropping the records?\par
\par
A. They can set up separate expectations for each table when developing their DLT pipeline.\par
B. They cannot determine which table is dropping the records.\par
C. They can set up DLT to notify them via email when records are dropped.\par
D. They can navigate to the DLT pipeline page, click on each table, and view the data quality statistics.\par
E. They can navigate to the DLT pipeline page, click on the \ldblquote Error\rdblquote  button, and review the present errors.\par
\par
Question #37Topic 1\par
A data engineer has a single-task Job that runs each morning before they begin working. After identifying an upstream data issue, they need to set up another task to run a new notebook prior to the original task.\par
Which of the following approaches can the data engineer use to set up the new task?\par
\par
A. They can clone the existing task in the existing Job and update it to run the new notebook.\par
B. They can create a new task in the existing Job and then add it as a dependency of the original task.\par
C. They can create a new task in the existing Job and then add the original task as a dependency of the new task.\par
D. They can create a new job from scratch and add both tasks to run concurrently.\par
E. They can clone the existing task to a new Job and then edit it to run the new notebook.\par
 \par
Question #38Topic 1\par
An engineering manager wants to monitor the performance of a recent project using a Databricks SQL query. For the first week following the project\rquote s release, the manager wants the query results to be updated every minute. However, the manager is concerned that the compute resources used for the query will be left running and cost the organization a lot of money beyond the first week of the project\rquote s release.\par
Which of the following approaches can the engineering team use to ensure the query does not cost the organization any money beyond the first week of the project\rquote s release?\par
\par
A. They can set a limit to the number of DBUs that are consumed by the SQL Endpoint.\par
B. They can set the query\rquote s refresh schedule to end after a certain number of refreshes.\par
C. They cannot ensure the query does not cost the organization money beyond the first week of the project\rquote s release.\par
D. They can set a limit to the number of individuals that are able to manage the query\rquote s refresh schedule.\par
E. They can set the query\rquote s refresh schedule to end on a certain date in the query scheduler.\par
 \par
Question #39Topic 1\par
A data analysis team has noticed that their Databricks SQL queries are running too slowly when connected to their always-on SQL endpoint. They claim that this issue is present when many members of the team are running small queries simultaneously. They ask the data engineering team for help. The data engineering team notices that each of the team\rquote s queries uses the same SQL endpoint.\par
Which of the following approaches can the data engineering team use to improve the latency of the team\rquote s queries?\par
\par
A. They can increase the cluster size of the SQL endpoint.\par
B. They can increase the maximum bound of the SQL endpoint\rquote s scaling range.\par
C. They can turn on the Auto Stop feature for the SQL endpoint.\par
D. They can turn on the Serverless feature for the SQL endpoint.\par
E. They can turn on the Serverless feature for the SQL endpoint and change the Spot Instance Policy to \ldblquote Reliability Optimized.\rdblquote\par
 \par
Question #40Topic 1\par
A data engineer wants to schedule their Databricks SQL dashboard to refresh once per day, but they only want the associated SQL endpoint to be running when it is necessary.\par
Which of the following approaches can the data engineer use to minimize the total running time of the SQL endpoint used in the refresh schedule of their dashboard?\par
\par
A. They can ensure the dashboard\rquote s SQL endpoint matches each of the queries\rquote  SQL endpoints.\par
B. They can set up the dashboard\rquote s SQL endpoint to be serverless.\par
C. They can turn on the Auto Stop feature for the SQL endpoint.\par
D. They can reduce the cluster size of the SQL endpoint.\par
E. They can ensure the dashboard\rquote s SQL endpoint is not one of the included query\rquote s SQL endpoint.\par
\par
Question #41Topic 1\par
A data engineer has been using a Databricks SQL dashboard to monitor the cleanliness of the input data to an ELT job. The ELT job has its Databricks SQL query that returns the number of input records containing unexpected NULL values. The data engineer wants their entire team to be notified via a messaging webhook whenever this value reaches 100.\par
Which of the following approaches can the data engineer use to notify their entire team via a messaging webhook whenever the number of NULL values reaches 100?\par
\par
A. They can set up an Alert with a custom template.\par
B. They can set up an Alert with a new email alert destination.\par
C. They can set up an Alert with a new webhook alert destination.\par
D. They can set up an Alert with one-time notifications.\par
E. They can set up an Alert without notifications.\par
 \par
Question #42Topic 1\par
A single Job runs two notebooks as two separate tasks. A data engineer has noticed that one of the notebooks is running slowly in the Job\rquote s current run. The data engineer asks a tech lead for help in identifying why this might be the case.\par
Which of the following approaches can the tech lead use to identify why the notebook is running slowly as part of the Job?\par
\par
A. They can navigate to the Runs tab in the Jobs UI to immediately review the processing notebook.\par
B. They can navigate to the Tasks tab in the Jobs UI and click on the active run to review the processing notebook.\par
C. They can navigate to the Runs tab in the Jobs UI and click on the active run to review the processing notebook.\par
D. There is no way to determine why a Job task is running slowly.\par
E. They can navigate to the Tasks tab in the Jobs UI to immediately review the processing notebook.\par
 \par
Question #43Topic 1\par
A data engineer has a Job with multiple tasks that runs nightly. Each of the tasks runs slowly because the clusters take a long time to start.\par
Which of the following actions can the data engineer perform to improve the start up time for the clusters used for the Job?\par
\par
A. They can use endpoints available in Databricks SQL\par
B. They can use jobs clusters instead of all-purpose clusters\par
C. They can configure the clusters to be single-node\par
D. They can use clusters that are from a cluster pool\par
E. They can configure the clusters to autoscale for larger data sizes\par
 \par
Question #44Topic 1\par
A new data engineering team team. has been assigned to an ELT project. The new data engineering team will need full privileges on the database customers to fully manage the project.\par
Which of the following commands can be used to grant full permissions on the database to the new data engineering team?\par
\par
A. GRANT USAGE ON DATABASE customers TO team;\par
B. GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON DATABASE team TO customers;\par
C. GRANT SELECT PRIVILEGES ON DATABASE customers TO teams;\par
D. GRANT SELECT CREATE MODIFY USAGE PRIVILEGES ON DATABASE customers TO team;\par
E. GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON DATABASE customers TO team;\par
\par
Databricks Data Engineer Associate Sample Questions:\par
01. A data architect is designing a data model that works for both video-based machine learning workloads and highly audited batch ETL/ELT workloads.\par
Which of the following describes how using a data lakehouse can help the data architect meet the needs of both workloads?\par
a) A data lakehouse requires very little data modeling.\par
b) A data lakehouse combines compute and storage for simple governance.\par
c) A data lakehouse provides autoscaling for compute clusters.\par
d) A data lakehouse stores unstructured data and is ACID-compliant.\par
e) A data lakehouse fully exists in the cloud.\par
 \par
02. Which of the following describes a benefit of a data lakehouse that is unavailable in a traditional data warehouse?\par
a) A data lakehouse provides a relational system of data management.\par
b) A data lakehouse captures snapshots of data for version control purposes.\par
c) A data lakehouse couples storage and compute for complete control.\par
d) A data lakehouse utilizes proprietary storage formats for data.\par
e) A data lakehouse enables both batch and streaming analytics.\par
 \par
03. A data engineer has created a Delta table as part of a data pipeline. Downstream data analysts now need SELECT permission on the Delta table.\par
Assuming the data engineer is the Delta table owner, which part of the Databricks Lakehouse Platform can the data engineer use to grant the data analysts the appropriate access?\par
a) Repos\par
b) Jobs\par
c) Data Explorer\par
d) Databricks Filesystem\par
e) Dashboards\par
 \par
04. A data engineer has three notebooks in an ELT pipeline. The notebooks need to be executed in a specific order for the pipeline to complete successfully. The data engineer would like to use Delta Live Tables to manage this process.\par
Which of the following steps must the data engineer take as part of implementing this pipeline using Delta Live Tables?\par
a) They need to create a Delta Live Tables pipeline from the Data page.\par
b) They need to create a Delta Live Tables pipeline from the Jobs page.\par
c) They need to create a Delta Live tables pipeline from the Compute page.\par
d) They need to refactor their notebook to use Python and the dlt library.\par
e) They need to refactor their notebook to use SQL and CREATE LIVE TABLE keyword.\par
 \par
05. Which of the following data workloads will utilize a Bronze table as its destination?\par
a) A job that develops a feature set for a machine learning application\par
b) A job that queries aggregated data to publish key insights into a dashboard\par
c) A job that aggregates cleaned data to create standard summary statistics\par
d) A job that ingests raw data from a streaming source into the Lakehouse\par
 \par
06. A new data engineer has started at a company. The data engineer has recently been added to the company\rquote s Databricks workspace as new.engineer@company.com. The data engineer needs to be able to query the table sales in the database retail. The new data engineer already has been granted USAGE on the database retail.\par
Which of the following commands can be used to grant the appropriate permissions to the new data engineer?\par
a) GRANT SELECT ON TABLE sales TO new.engineer@company.com;\par
b) GRANT CREATE ON TABLE sales TO new.engineer@company.com;\par
c) GRANT USAGE ON TABLE sales TO new.engineer@company.com;\par
d) GRANT USAGE ON TABLE new.engineer@company.com TO sales;\par
e) GRANT SELECT ON TABLE new.engineer@company.com TO sales;\par
 \par
07. A data engineer has set up a notebook to automatically process using a Job. The data engineer\rquote s manager wants to version control the schedule due to its complexity.\par
Which of the following approaches can the data engineer use to obtain a version-controllable configuration of the Job\rquote s schedule?\par
a) They can link the Job to notebooks that are a part of a Databricks Repo.\par
b) They can download the JSON description of the Job from the Job\rquote s page.\par
c) They can submit the Job once on a Job cluster.\par
d) They can submit the Job once on an all-purpose cluster.\par
e) They can download the XML description of the Job from the Job\rquote s page.\par
 \par
08. A new data engineer new.engineer@company.com has been assigned to an ELT project. The new data engineer will need full privileges on the table sales to fully manage the project.\par
Which of the following commands can be used to grant full permissions on the table to the new data engineer?\par
a) GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON TABLE sales TO new.engineer@company.com;\par
b) GRANT USAGE ON TABLE sales TO new.engineer@company.com;\par
c) GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON TABLE new.engineer@company.com TO sales;\par
d) GRANT SELECT ON TABLE sales TO new.engineer@company.com;\par
e) GRANT SELECT CREATE MODIFY ON TABLE sales TO new.engineer@company.com;\par
 \par
09. Which of the following describes a scenario in which a data engineer will want to use a Job cluster instead of an all-purpose cluster?\par
a) An ad-hoc analytics report needs to be developed while minimizing compute costs.\par
b) A data team needs to collaborate on the development of a machine learning model.\par
c) An automated workflow needs to be run every 30 minutes.\par
d) A Databricks SQL query needs to be scheduled for upward reporting.\par
e) A data engineer needs to manually investigate a production error.\par
 \par
10. Two junior data engineers are authoring separate parts of a single data pipeline notebook. They are working on separate Git branches so they can pair program on the same notebook simultaneously. A senior data engineer experienced in Databricks suggests there is a better alternative for this type of collaboration.\par
Which of the following supports the senior data engineer\rquote s claim?\par
a) Databricks Notebooks support automatic change-tracking and versioning\par
b) Databricks Notebooks support real-time coauthoring on a single notebook\par
c) Databricks Notebooks support commenting and notification comments\par
d) Databricks Notebooks support the use of multiple languages in the same notebook\par
e) Databricks Notebooks support the creation of interactive data visualizations\par
Answers:\par
Question: 01\par
Answer: d\tab Question: 02\par
Answer: e\tab Question: 03\par
Answer: c\tab Question: 04\par
Answer: b\tab Question: 05\par
Answer: d\par
Question: 06\par
Answer: a\tab Question: 07\par
Answer: b\tab Question: 08\par
Answer: a\tab Question: 09\par
Answer: c\tab Question: 10\par
Answer: b\par
}
 